## 08 - VECTORS

**71)** Create a program that automatically fills a numeric vector with 8 positions as follows:

|999|999|999|999|999|999|999|999|
|---|--|--|--|--|--|--|--|
|0|1|2|3|4|5|6|7|

**72)** Create a program that automatically fills (using logic, not just assigning directly) a numeric vector with 10 positions as follows:
|5|10|15|20|25|30|35|40|45|50|
|---|--|--|--|--|--|--|--|--|--|
|0|1|2|3|4|5|6|7|8|9|

**73)** Create a program that automatically fills (using logic, not just assigning directly) a numeric vector with 10 positions as follows:
|9|8|7|6|5|4|3|2|1|0|
|---|--|--|--|--|--|--|--|--|--|
|0|1|2|3|4|5|6|7|8|9|

**74)** Create a program that automatically fills (using logic, not just assigning directly) a numeric vector with 10 positions as follows:
|5|3|5|3|5|3|5|3|5|3|
|---|--|--|--|--|--|--|--|--|--|
|0|1|2|3|4|5|6|7|8|9|

**75)** Create a program that automatically fills (using logic, not just assigning directly) a numeric vector with 15 positions with the first elements of the Fibonacci sequence:
|1|1|2|3|5|8|13|21|34|55|89|144|233|377|610|987|
|---|--|--|--|--|--|--|--|--|--|--|--|--|--|--|--|
|0|1|2|3|4|5|6|7|8|9|10|11|12|13|14|15|

**76)** Create a program that automatically fills a numeric array with 7 randomly generated numbers by the computer and then displays the generated values on the screen.

**77)** Make a program that reads 7 names of people and stores them in an array. In the end, show a list with all the names entered, in the reverse order of when they were entered.

**78)** Write a program that reads 15 numbers and stores them in an array. At the end, display the entire array on the screen and then show in which positions values that are multiples of 10 were entered.

**79)** Develop a program that reads 10 integer numbers and stores them in an array. In the end, show which are the even numbers that were entered and in which positions they are stored.

**80)** Create an algorithm that fills a 30-position array with numbers between 1 and 15 randomly generated by the computer. After that, ask the user to enter a number (key) and your program should show in which positions this key was found. Also show how many times the key was generated.

**81)** Create a program that reads the age of 8 people and stores them in an array. At the end, show:

	a) What is the average age of the registered people 
	b) In which positions we have people over 25 years old 
	c) What was the highest age entered (there may be repetitions) 
	d) In which positions we entered the highest age

**82)** Make an algorithm that reads the grade of 10 students in a class and stores them in an array. In the end, show:

	a) What is the class average 
	b) How many students are above the class average 
	c) What was the highest grade entered 
	d) In which positions the highest grade appears

**83)** ***[CHALLENGE]*** Create a logic that fills an array of 20 positions with random numbers (between 0 and 99) generated by the computer. Soon after, show the generated numbers and then sort the array in ascending order, showing in the end the ordered values.

**84)** Create a program that reads the name and age of 9 people and stores these values ​​in two arrays, in related positions. In the end, show a list containing only the data of underage people.

**85)** Make an algorithm that reads the name, gender, and salary of 5 employees and stores this data in three arrays. In the end, show a list containing only the data of female employees who earn more than R$5,000.

